All right so lots and lots is a measure of volume of a transaction on the forex market.
One lot equals to one hundred thousand units of base currency 0.1 laut equals to 10000 units of base
currency zero point zero one lot equals to 1000 units of base currency also 0.1 laut is called the Mini
lot and 0.01 lot is called the microlot.
Tell us Have a look at an example.
For instance you want to trade the Euros dollar and you want to conduct a bi transaction with the volume
of one lot.
That means that you will be buying one hundred thousand euros in that one transaction.
The ask price with your broker is currently at one point 2 3 2 to 8.
And that means that in order to buy one lots of euro a used dollar you need one hundred and twenty three
thousand two hundred twenty eight American dollars on your account.
So obviously this number is astronomical.
And when we come to trade the forex market we don't have such money.
How can we still trade the Forex market.
Well we'll find out about that when we talk about leverage